Support for NPR Music comes from Capital
1, proud supporters of NPR Music and the
Tiny Desk Contest. What's in your
wallet? Learn more at capital1.com.
[music]
I like this song right here.
This going [music] to be special.
Hey,
[music]
[singing]
baby girl.
All right.
I got to find a girl.
[singing and music]
[singing]
Yeah. [music]
All right.
Sunshine,
from the [singing and music] first time
that we met, helpless.
You took my [music] heart, [singing] I
must confess, deep in your eyes.
There seemed to be a [singing] look that
said, [music]
"Hey baby, is it [singing] me you're
searching [music] for?" Suddenly my
sunshine turned [singing] away.
>> I don't know if it ever come back again.
>> That's what you
[music]
say.
>> Never be lost within your plans.
And it hurts so bad.
someone too. [music]
[singing]
Every time
[music and singing]
I keep falling right,
[singing and music]
>> why do I
say hello?
[music] They say goodbye. [singing]
>> Why are you good girls [singing]
taking every time? Oh, I got to believe
there's a warning for me somewhere
[singing]
in this [music] world.
I'm not going to stop. going to
find
>> me.
[singing]
girl. [music]
>> Hey.
[singing]
What's up, tiny desk? [cheering]
>> She was more than one. [music] A goddess
for ally. [singing]
All [music] I ever needed
was right here [singing] loving me. For
a while we were cool in a groove and our
love was [music] on.
But I still [singing] remember
how I felt when the love was [music]
gone. And I tal
[singing]
[music]
to
[singing and music]
seeking memories in her mind. reason
[singing]
>> be so unind.
If you know the song, sing it with me.
>> Pictures in [music] a broken glass in a
broken glass.
>> I can never feel [singing]
what the woman is feeling.
>> Was it someone [singing]
in the past? [music] Cuz it's breaking
my heart [singing]
to watch you stare into the glass.
>> Stare into the glass. [singing]
Oh [music] nah nah nah nah nah. As she
stares into the glass. I'll never be
[singing] with
[music]
>> as she's lost inside the past. She
spinning.
She stares into the [singing and music]
clouds. I never
[music]
felt this in her
[singing]
[music]
[applause]
n. [singing and music]
>> Oh yeah. N
>> sing my song.
[singing and music]
>> For as long as you willing,
[music and singing]
>> want you to know that I'm willing to
anywhere you want me to go.
>> I'll be willing [music and singing] to
go there for you. If you want me to take
my [singing]
>> I'll be willing to spend the night.
[music] All you got to say is please
stay. [singing]
And I'll be staying as long as you're
singing
>> more [singing and music] and more.
>> Then after that you
>> more and more.
>> Yeah.
>> More and [singing and music] more.
>> Said I hear you say [music]
>> more and [singing] more.
>> More and more
that you want
>> more and [music and singing] more.
girl. We'll be going from the bed,
>> the bed to the bed.
>> And then we'll be going
>> to the kitchen. [singing]
>> Then we'll be going
>> the kitchen [music] to the dining room,
>> then straight to the living room.
>> I'll be taking you up,
>> taking you up the stairs.
>> I guarantee
all over the house.
>> All over the house, man.
>> As long as you screaming for me, say you
give me more.
>> [singing and music]
>> after that you want more.
>> Oh baby,
[singing]
>> I can hear you sing.
[music]
>> It's my time that I show
>> that I'm not your average Joe.
>> All the ladies singing me. [singing]
Hey
>> [music]
[applause]
>> Oh yeah.
[music]
>> Is this all right?
>> All right.
>> Do you feel all right?
>> [music]
>> Hey,
we
[music]
>> take baby lying on the bed. Exciting
fantasies going through her. [singing]
[music] Take two.
>> I jump into my cell sex. I got to
[music and singing] make my way to the
crib m quick.
>> Take
>> I see my baby [music] as I step inside.
[singing]
She's staring at me with those bedroom.
Honey sipping on some Chardonnay.
[singing and music]
The sex is even better when she's
feeling that way. All I want to do now
is [singing and music]
I don't
hear the sound
until the sun
[singing and music] together.
Make a love.
>> Make [singing] a love sing. [music]
[singing and music]
[music]
[singing]
>> Make a love.
>> Oh, baby. [music and singing]
>> Yeah.
>> Oo.
I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to
keep losing
[singing and music]
>> a love.
>> Let's do it on the floor. Anyway,
[singing and music]
>> I got to buy a new fan
make
[singing and music]
it again.
>> Girl, I'm [music] down to take a
[singing]
>> cup
from a mountain of love. [music]
I'm [singing] down to take a sip from
your cup.
>> From your drink from [music]
>> You know what? 69 was a very good
[music]
[singing]
>> 69 was a very good year.
>> Do it over
again. Let's make [music]
a love.
>> Let's do it on the floor.
>> Anyway,
>> you like it, baby.
[music]
>> Oh, baby. [music]
[singing]
Let's do it. Yeah. Do it again.
[music]
>> Thank you so much. I love this song cuz
when I wrote it, I knew it was special.
It goes like this.
[music] Tell me what kind [singing] of
man would treat this woman so cold.
Treat you [music] like [singing]
nothing when you're worth more than
gold.
curing me like a diamond. I love [music]
the way you shine.
100 million dollar [singing and music]
treasure. I get the world to make you
mine.
>> La
string [music] the pearls right in your
hand. Make love on the beach of jet
black
outside in [singing and music] the rain.
We can do it. Do it all night.
I'll touch all [music] the places he
would not
never knew would get you hot.
this [music and singing] will be when we
touch.
[music] Now, baby, [singing]
I
>> I want to do
>> want to do [music]
all things your man won't do.
>> Every little [music and singing] thing,
every little
>> I'll do them for you,
>> baby.
>> Baby,
>> I want to do
>> I want to do [music and singing]
I love them for you. Every little
[music and singing] thing I baby
I'll take you out on a night cruise
night.
You just can't lose cuz we got a
[music and singing] lot to look forward
to. You sing.
>> What you going to do?
>> What good is [music and singing] a
diamond
nobody can see?
I hear it got you all locked down, but
[music] I got the master key.
[music]
>> I'll light a thousand candles on the
ground. Show me some way around. [music]
Nothing can be sweeter than the sound.
[music]
>> Baby, when I start, I just can't. I love
you from the bottom to the top.
[singing and music]
>> Nothing is for
when we touch.
>> Baby, baby,
>> I want to do
[music]
the things your man won't do.
>> I'm going to I'm going to
do [music] for [singing] you,
>> baby.
>> Baby,
>> I want to do
>> I want to do more. [music and singing]
>> [music]
>> All right, let's turn up here.
[music] I got a Jones in my bones for
you. There ain't a damn thing that
>> I won't
>> see what
>> I do. [music]
And I [singing]
want to do all
one more time. Say, "Ooh, I got a Jones
in [music] my bones for you." Say what?
thing that I want to [music]
bring myself.
I won't stop until I hear your mother
scream.
[applause and cheering]
[music]
>> Well,
yeah.
Oh, I got a special guest for y'all this
evening.
And when I say special, I mean very
special. Ladies and gent gentlemen,
my baby girl is in the building. This is
Kayla Thomas. [cheering]
[applause]
>> It's amazing how you knock me off my
feet.
Every time you come around [singing] me,
I get weak. know [music]
ever made me feel this way. That's
right.
>> You kiss my lips and then you take my
breath away.
So I want to [singing] know.
>> I want to know. [music]
>> Oh, sing my song this evening.
I want to know. [singing] So I can
[music] be over and more.
>> So I like to know
>> I like to know [singing] what makes you
cry. [music]
>> Soile
[singing]
baby
girl never understood what [singing] you
are worth. This is such a simple song,
right?
And he never took the time to make it
work. [music and singing]
>> Baby, I'm the kind of man who shows
[music] concern. Yes, I do.
Any [music] way that I can please you,
let me run. So I [music] want to know.
[singing]
>> I want to know.
>> If you're with me this evening, sing a
song with me.
I like to know [singing and music]
>> so I can be all that you want.
>> I like to know.
>> I like to know. [singing]
>> So
[singing]
>> always make you smile. [singing]
>> Tell me what I got to [music] do to
please you. I hear you, baby. Baby,
anything you say [singing] I'll do.
>> I hear you, baby.
>> I only want to make [music] you happy.
[singing]
>> All right.
>> From the bottom of my heart is true.
>> Yeah. Tell [music and singing] me what I
got to do to Oh, yeah.
>> I'll do it. [singing] Girl.
[music]
>> All right.
Y'all sound so good.
Hey,
I wish [music] that I could take a
journey through your [singing]
mind. All right. And find emotions that
you always [music and singing] try to
hide, babe.
Oh. Oh. I [music] do believe that
there's a love you want to share.
[singing]
Oh, I'll take it care of you, lady.
[singing and music]
Have no fear.
So I want to know
>> I want to know [singing and music]
what's coming.
>> I I want to [singing] know
>> so I can be your [music]
[singing]
>> I like to know [music]
>> I would like to know.
So [singing]
[music]
I'll be
so tell me tell me tell [music] me what
I got to do to please you. [singing]
Baby, anything you say I'll do. Cuz
[music] I only want to make you
[singing] happy from the bottom of my
heart. [music] True.
>> Hey, tell me what I got to do to please
you.
>> Say what,
>> baby? Anything you say, I'll do.
[singing]
>> Say what?
>> Cuz I only want to make you happy.
>> From the bottom of my heart is true.
>> Hey, [music]
yeah, yeah.
[music]
Oh,
[singing]
[music]
thank you so much. Such a pleasure.
[applause]
[cheering]
>> [applause]
>> Appreciate [cheering] you.
[applause]
[cheering]
Thanks for watching. Support for NPR
Music comes from Rivian, makers of all
electric adventure vehicles designed
with the planet and future generations
in mind.
A quick update before you go. We're
doing another Tiny Desk giveaway. Enter
by September 12th, 2026, and you and a
friend could win a free trip to DC to
see a Tiny Desk concert live in person.
You even get to choose which upcoming
show you want to see, and it's
completely free to enter. Just go to
npr.org/tinyeskaway.
Entering is completely free, but you can
get more entries by snagging some
limited edition Tiny Desk merch or by
making a special donation to the NPR
network. Learn more and enter today at
npr.org/tinyes org/ tiny giveaway.